The project and process present in this folder goes through machine learning models to find the best way to accurately and consistenly detect car insurance fraud. When an incident involving a car insurance claim, say theft or a collision, occurs, can we create a model to find fraudulent claims? To solve this problem I found a data set with relevant information. The data used for manipulation, inspection, and conclusions come from kaggle.com and contain 1000 rows of data. The data contains information on five general topics: policy information, insured's information, incident aftermath, incident information, and car information. Using this information, I intend to find the best model, look at resulting metrics, and find features most indicative of potential fraud. My main assumption and limitations can be described as: survey used is representatvie, survey is comprehensive, grid search worked effectively even when some parameters were occasionally omited due to computational restrictions, misleading values were accurately replaced, and that machine learning is the best model for this topic. After gathering data from kaggle, I did some preliminary exploratory data analysis (which can be found in my more comprehensive notebook), cleaned my data, modeled my data, and came to conclusions. The biggest findings in exploratory data analysis were that 25% of the survey contained fraud as well as that PhD-level students commit the most fraud. This was surprising. For data cleaning I took many steps; I made some custom features to best capture information relevant to dates involved in the report, remove highly correlated features, encoded categorical data numerically, removed correlation again, removed outliers in the data, removed recursive features, scaled my data (min-max), and normalized the distribution of my features. In modeling, I found that random forest yielded the best results. I also found that my models were particularly high recall models, which is exactly what you hope to get in an insurance fraud model. I found that the most indicative features of potential fraud were incident severity and the pressence of a property or injury claim. Witnesses, authorities contacted, and state where incident took place were the least iportant features. That wraps it up! 